# Moirai
Throughout the decade, social media giants have been providing **THE** transforming power to our society, and the few who wielded this power have risen, for a lack of better words, to the ranks of demigods. From utterly reversing the supply and demand in select industries to providing a voice to inform and a platform to engage for literally anyone willing to do so, social media revolutionizes the concepts of our relationships, our connections, and frankly, ourselves. To us average humans, these tools provide an outlet, sometimes salvation, to our everyday struggles in life. Of course, who wouldn’t want to spend the rest of eternity snapchatting your crush and/or scrolling through TikTok? But as much as we would like it to, our fragile mortal-self simply cannot stand the test of father time. However, the digital legacy you leave behind — your beloved youtube channels, pending linkedin connections, instagram posts, tweets, are truly ways to immortalize your presence in this very world. 

Moirai’s namesake implies the apportioners of mortal lives. In this modern context, we humbly remark her as the apportioner of the digital presences one leave behind. Upon registration, users select their “heir” to which they are willing to pass these accounts to, their account information, and will be asked to pass down an access key to this person. Moirai then encrypts their account information using client-side AES encryption and store the encrypted accounts in our database. Upon an user’s unfortunate passing, Moirai will then provide client-side decryption of these information in our database should their “heir” provide us with the valid access key and a legal, state-issued death certificate that matches such user’s registered credentials. By passing your valuable digital presences to those you deemed worthy, you —— or at the very least a glimpse of the bohemian life you led, can be truly immortalized in the river of time.
